docs: tw-565-orbit-config-pt4 (#2784)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/launch-arbitrum-chain/partials/config-anytrust.mdx

## Cons of using AnyTrust

- **Introduced trust assumptions**: Relies on the DAC's honesty and availability, which adds a layer of trust not present in full trustless rollups. This trust assumption could be a risk if committee members collude or fail.
- **Reduced decentralization and security guarantees**: Lacks the full trustlessness, permissionlessness, and censorship resistance of Rollups, as not all data is posted to Ethereum by default. This lack of data posting makes it less suitable for high-value DeFi or applications requiring Ethereum-level security.
- **Potential for fallback mode issues**: If the DAC cannot come to a quorum, the chain reverts to Rollup mode, which could increase costs temporarily and introduce delays similar to standard Rollups.

> - **Liquidity and adoption changes**: May face lower liquidity or ecosystem integration compared to rollup-based chains like Arbitrum One, potentially limiting interoperability for certain dApps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Liquidity and adoption changes**: May face lower liquidity or ecosystem integration compared to Rollup-based chains like Arbitrum One, potentially limiting interoperability with certain <a data-quicklook-from="dapp">apps</a>.
```
